# AccountAllOf

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**SourceId** | **string** | The unique ID of the source this account belongs to | 
**SourceName** | **string** | The display name of the source this account belongs to | 
**IdentityId** | Pointer to **string** | The unique ID of the identity this account is correlated to | [optional] 
**Attributes** | **map[string]interface{}** | The account attributes that are aggregated | 
**Authoritative** | **bool** | Indicates if this account is from an authoritative source | 
**Description** | Pointer to **NullableString** | A description of the account | [optional] 
**Disabled** | **bool** | Indicates if the account is currently disabled | 
**Locked** | **bool** | Indicates if the account is currently locked | 
**NativeIdentity** | **string** | The unique ID of the account generated by the source system | 
**SystemAccount** | **bool** | If true, this is a user account within IdentityNow.  If false, this is an account from a source system. | 
**Uncorrelated** | **bool** | Indicates if this account is not correlated to an identity | 
**Uuid** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The unique ID of the account as determined by the account schema | [optional] 
**ManuallyCorrelated** | **bool** | Indicates if the account has been manually correlated to an identity | 
**HasEntitlements** | **bool** | Indicates if the account has entitlements | 

## Methods

### NewAccountAllOf

`func NewAccountAllOf(sourceId string, sourceName string, attributes map[string]interface{}, authoritative bool, disabled bool, locked bool, nativeIdentity string, systemAccount bool, uncorrelated bool, manuallyCorrelated bool, hasEntitlements bool, ) *AccountAllOf`

NewAccountAllOf instantiates a new AccountAllOf object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewAccountAllOfWithDefaults

`func NewAccountAllOfWithDefaults() *AccountAllOf`

NewAccountAllOfWithDefaults instantiates a new AccountAllOf object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetSourceId

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetSourceId() string`

GetSourceId returns the SourceId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSourceIdOk

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetSourceIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSourceIdOk returns a tuple with the SourceId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSourceId

`func (o *AccountAllOf) SetSourceId(v string)`

SetSourceId sets SourceId field to given value.


### GetSourceName

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetSourceName() string`

GetSourceName returns the SourceName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSourceNameOk

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetSourceNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSourceNameOk returns a tuple with the SourceName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSourceName

`func (o *AccountAllOf) SetSourceName(v string)`

SetSourceName sets SourceName field to given value.


### GetIdentityId

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetIdentityId() string`

GetIdentityId returns the IdentityId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdentityIdOk

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetIdentityIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdentityIdOk returns a tuple with the IdentityId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIdentityId

`func (o *AccountAllOf) SetIdentityId(v string)`

SetIdentityId sets IdentityId field to given value.

### HasIdentityId

`func (o *AccountAllOf) HasIdentityId() bool`

HasIdentityId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAttributes

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetAttributes() map[string]interface{}`

GetAttributes returns the Attributes field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAttributesOk

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetAttributesOk() (*map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetAttributesOk returns a tuple with the Attributes field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAttributes

`func (o *AccountAllOf) SetAttributes(v map[string]interface{})`

SetAttributes sets Attributes field to given value.


### GetAuthoritative

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetAuthoritative() bool`

GetAuthoritative returns the Authoritative field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAuthoritativeOk

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetAuthoritativeOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAuthoritativeOk returns a tuple with the Authoritative field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAuthoritative

`func (o *AccountAllOf) SetAuthoritative(v bool)`

SetAuthoritative sets Authoritative field to given value.


### GetDescription

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *AccountAllOf) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.

### HasDescription

`func (o *AccountAllOf) HasDescription() bool`

HasDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDescriptionNil

`func (o *AccountAllOf) SetDescriptionNil(b bool)`

 SetDescriptionNil sets the value for Description to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDescription
`func (o *AccountAllOf) UnsetDescription()`

UnsetDescription ensures that no value is present for Description, not even an explicit nil
### GetDisabled

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetDisabled() bool`

GetDisabled returns the Disabled field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDisabledOk

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetDisabledOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetDisabledOk returns a tuple with the Disabled field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDisabled

`func (o *AccountAllOf) SetDisabled(v bool)`

SetDisabled sets Disabled field to given value.


### GetLocked

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetLocked() bool`

GetLocked returns the Locked field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLockedOk

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetLockedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLockedOk returns a tuple with the Locked field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLocked

`func (o *AccountAllOf) SetLocked(v bool)`

SetLocked sets Locked field to given value.


### GetNativeIdentity

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetNativeIdentity() string`

GetNativeIdentity returns the NativeIdentity field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNativeIdentityOk

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetNativeIdentityOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNativeIdentityOk returns a tuple with the NativeIdentity field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNativeIdentity

`func (o *AccountAllOf) SetNativeIdentity(v string)`

SetNativeIdentity sets NativeIdentity field to given value.


### GetSystemAccount

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetSystemAccount() bool`

GetSystemAccount returns the SystemAccount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSystemAccountOk

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetSystemAccountOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSystemAccountOk returns a tuple with the SystemAccount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSystemAccount

`func (o *AccountAllOf) SetSystemAccount(v bool)`

SetSystemAccount sets SystemAccount field to given value.


### GetUncorrelated

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetUncorrelated() bool`

GetUncorrelated returns the Uncorrelated field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUncorrelatedOk

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetUncorrelatedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetUncorrelatedOk returns a tuple with the Uncorrelated field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUncorrelated

`func (o *AccountAllOf) SetUncorrelated(v bool)`

SetUncorrelated sets Uncorrelated field to given value.


### GetUuid

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetUuid() string`

GetUuid returns the Uuid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUuidOk

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetUuidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUuidOk returns a tuple with the Uuid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUuid

`func (o *AccountAllOf) SetUuid(v string)`

SetUuid sets Uuid field to given value.

### HasUuid

`func (o *AccountAllOf) HasUuid() bool`

HasUuid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetUuidNil

`func (o *AccountAllOf) SetUuidNil(b bool)`

 SetUuidNil sets the value for Uuid to be an explicit nil

### UnsetUuid
`func (o *AccountAllOf) UnsetUuid()`

UnsetUuid ensures that no value is present for Uuid, not even an explicit nil
### GetManuallyCorrelated

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetManuallyCorrelated() bool`

GetManuallyCorrelated returns the ManuallyCorrelated field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetManuallyCorrelatedOk

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetManuallyCorrelatedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetManuallyCorrelatedOk returns a tuple with the ManuallyCorrelated field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetManuallyCorrelated

`func (o *AccountAllOf) SetManuallyCorrelated(v bool)`

SetManuallyCorrelated sets ManuallyCorrelated field to given value.


### GetHasEntitlements

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetHasEntitlements() bool`

GetHasEntitlements returns the HasEntitlements field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHasEntitlementsOk

`func (o *AccountAllOf) GetHasEntitlementsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetHasEntitlementsOk returns a tuple with the HasEntitlements field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHasEntitlements

`func (o *AccountAllOf) SetHasEntitlements(v bool)`

SetHasEntitlements sets HasEntitlements field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


