# Go API client for api_machine_account_subtypes

Use these APIs to interact with the Identity Security Cloud platform to achieve repeatable, automated processes with greater scalability. We encourage you to join the SailPoint Developer Community forum at https://developer.sailpoint.com/discuss to connect with other developers using our APIs.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: v1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.12.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://developer.sailpoint.com/discuss/api-help](https://developer.sailpoint.com/discuss/api-help)

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```sh
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```go
import api_machine_account_subtypes "github.com/sailpoint-oss/golang-sdk/v3/api_machine_account_subtypes"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `api_machine_account_subtypes.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), api_machine_account_subtypes.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `api_machine_account_subtypes.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), api_machine_account_subtypes.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `api_machine_account_subtypes.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `api_machine_account_subtypes.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), api_machine_account_subtypes.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), api_machine_account_subtypes.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://sailpoint.api.identitynow.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*MachineAccountSubtypesAPI* | [**DeleteMachineAccountSubtypeV1**](docs/MachineAccountSubtypesAPI.md#deletemachineaccountsubtypev1) | **Delete** /source-subtypes/v1/{subtypeId} | Delete subtype by ID
*MachineAccountSubtypesAPI* | [**GetSourceSubtypeByIdV1**](docs/MachineAccountSubtypesAPI.md#getsourcesubtypebyidv1) | **Get** /source-subtypes/v1/{subtypeId} | Get subtype by ID
*MachineAccountSubtypesAPI* | [**PatchMachineAccountSubtypeV1**](docs/MachineAccountSubtypesAPI.md#patchmachineaccountsubtypev1) | **Patch** /source-subtypes/v1/{subtypeId} | Patch subtype by ID


## Documentation For Models

 - [Errormessagedto](docs/Errormessagedto.md)
 - [Errorresponsedto](docs/Errorresponsedto.md)
 - [GetSourceSubtypeByIdV1401Response](docs/GetSourceSubtypeByIdV1401Response.md)
 - [GetSourceSubtypeByIdV1429Response](docs/GetSourceSubtypeByIdV1429Response.md)
 - [Localeorigin](docs/Localeorigin.md)
 - [Sourcesubtypewithsource](docs/Sourcesubtypewithsource.md)
 - [SourcesubtypewithsourceSource](docs/SourcesubtypewithsourceSource.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



